Set up a Full Node page polish, updated for the page rework (#241)
dydxprotocol/v4-documentation: pages/infrastructure_providers-validators/how_to_set_up_full_node.md

```bash
cd $HOME
bash create_full_node.sh
```

2. Or, follow the steps on this page to manually set up a full node.

## Manual Installation Steps
The following steps will guide you through manually setting up a full node.

Run the commands in this procedure from your home directory unless otherwise specified. To change directories to your home folder, run the following command:
```bash
cd $HOME
```

### Step 1: Update your system and prepare to install dependencies
To download system updates and install [curl](https://curl.se/),[jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/), and [lz4](https://lz4.org/), run the following commands:
```bash
sudo apt-get -y update
sudo apt-get install -y curl jq lz4
```

### Step 2: Install Go
To install [Go](https://go.dev/), run the following commands using the latest version of Go:

```bash
# Example for AMD64 architecture and Go version 1.22.2
wget https://golang.org/dl/go1.22.2.linux-amd64.tar.gz # Download the compressed file
sudo tar -C /usr/local -xzf go1.22.2.linux-amd64.tar.gz # Extract the file to /usr/local
rm go1.22.2.linux-amd64.tar.gz # Delete the installer package
```

Add the Go directory to your system `$PATH`:
```bash

> echo 'export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin:$HOME/go/bin' >> $HOME/.bashrc # Write to your .bashrc profile

Reviewer: May wanna add something on sourcing bash file after

# Set Up a Full Node
Installing and running a full node allows your system to participate in a dYdX chain network.

## Prerequisites
To run a full node, the system that hosts the node must meet the following minimum requirements:

> - Linux (Ubuntu Server 22.04.3 or later recommended)

Reviewer 2: nit: I think we have a [hardware req page here](https://docs.dydx.exchange/infrastructure_providers-validators/hardware_requirements). don't think we need to address it as part of this PR but it would be good to think about how to organize such similar info and distinguish: "okay, this is req for running a validator vs this is req for running a non-validating full node"

one option would be to 
1. create two entries under `Hardware Requirements` (validator node vs non-validating full-node)
2. link to the correct section from here

Author: agreed, I'd like to address this as part of an info architecture refactor

- 8-core CPU (ARM or x86_64 architecture)
- 64 GB RAM
- 500 GB SSD NVMe Storage

## Choose a Method
To set up a full node, you can either:

1. Use [this script](https://github.com/dydxprotocol/v4-chain/blob/main/protocol/scripts/create_full_node.sh), provided by dYdX, to automate setup. 

> Save the script with an `.sh` extension in your `$HOME` directory. You may need to replace default values, such as `chain-id`, with your own. Run it with the following commands, replacing example value `your-script-name` with your own:

Reviewer 2: nit: 
1. it would be good to call out the user would need to replace the `$VERSION` ([link](https://github.com/dydxprotocol/v4-chain/blob/2eb7048e47661b7592a7ccdef436f5ed22743bf7/protocol/scripts/create_full_node.sh#L30)).

2. and we should link where users can get this info. for example, i think users can get this info from `Recommended Version` value on https://www.mintscan.io/dydx/parameters

Author: adding some more detail in the description

I think that too much more procedural information here will clutter a section that best serves to help readers understand their options

I do think a new section for the script would be good -- maybe its own page and table of variables /where to find yours to plug in. this top section could turn into a landing page directing users to either subpage

```bash
cd $HOME
bash your-script-name.sh
```

2. Or, follow the steps on this page to manually set up a full node.

> > Code snippets on this page use example values. Replace them with your own. See the [Network Configuration](../infrastructure_providers-network/network_constants.mdx) section of the documentation for network constants and other resources you need to configure a full node.

Reviewer 2: nit: this seems like important info to highlight. does using `[!IMPORTANT]` work?

here and below: fine either way. let's stick to using something consistent (either `>` or `[!IMPORTANT]` or something similar)

```suggestion
[!IMPORTANT] Code snippets on this page use example values. Replace them with your own. See the [Network Configuration](../infrastructure_providers-network/network_constants.mdx) section of the documentation for network constants and other resources you need to configure a full node.
```

## Manual Installation Steps
The following steps will guide you through manually setting up a full node.

Run the commands in this procedure from your home directory unless otherwise specified. To change directories to your home folder, run the following command:
```bash
cd $HOME
```

### Step 1: Update your system and prepare to install dependencies
To download system updates and install [curl](https://curl.se/),[jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/), and [lz4](https://lz4.org/), run the following commands:
```bash
sudo apt-get -y update
sudo apt-get install -y curl jq lz4
```

### Step 2: Install Go
To install [Go](https://go.dev/), run the following commands using the latest version of Go:

```bash

> # Example for AMD64 architecture and Go version 1.22.2

Reviewer 2: nit: note that this version comes from the current protocol $VERSION (found via https://www.mintscan.io/dydx/parameters) file https://github.com/dydxprotocol/v4-chain/blob/main/protocol/go.mod

sudo tar -C /usr/local -xzf go1.22.2.linux-amd64.tar.gz # Extract the file to /usr/local
rm go1.22.2.linux-amd64.tar.gz # Delete the installer package
```

Add the Go directory to your system `$PATH`:
```bash
echo 'export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin:$HOME/go/bin' >> $HOME/.bashrc # Write to your .bashrc profile
```

### Step 3: Install Cosmovisor and create data directories
[Cosmovisor](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/build/tooling/cosmovisor) is a process manager for Cosmos SDK-based blockchains that enables automatic binary updates without downtime. To install the latest version of Cosmovisor, run the following command:
```bash
go install cosmossdk.io/tools/cosmovisor/cmd/cosmovisor@latest
```

To create data directories for Cosmovisor, run the following commands:
```bash
mkdir -p $HOME/.dydxprotocol/cosmovisor/genesis/bin
mkdir -p $HOME/.dydxprotocol/cosmovisor/upgrades
```

### Step 4: Download the `dydxprotocold` binary
The `dydxprotocold` binary contains the software you need to operate a full node. **You must use the same version of the software as the network to which you want to connect.**

> > To find the current version of the [dYdX foundation](https://www.dydx.foundation/) mainnet, see the recommended protocol version on [mintscan.io](https://www.mintscan.io/dydx/parameters).

Reviewer 2: nice! thanks for highlighting this

nit: does this work? didnt get to test if this works
```suggestion
[!IMPORTANT] To find the current version of the [dYdX foundation](https://www.dydx.foundation/) mainnet, see the recommended protocol version on [mintscan.io](https://www.mintscan.io/dydx/parameters).
```

Author: no, I havent gotten any sort of highlight/callout to work besides the default note. would definitely like to, whether theres some way with this markdown or its something we can add later

After you download the binary, moving `dydxprotocold` into your Cosmovisor data directory allows you to use Cosmovisor for no-downtime binary upgrades. To extract, rename, and move the file to your Cosmovisor data directory, run the following commands:

```bash
# Example for AMD64 architecture
sudo tar -xzvf dydxprotocold-v5.0.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz # Extract the file
sudo mv ./build/dydxprotocold-v5.0.5-linux-amd64 ./.dydxprotocol/cosmovisor/genesis/bin/dydxprotocold # Move the file to /.dydxprotocol and rename it
rm dydxprotocold-v5.0.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz # Delete the installer package
rm -rf build # Delete the now-empty /build directory
```

Add the `dydxprotocold` directory to your system `$PATH`:
```bash
echo 'export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.dydxprotocol/cosmovisor/genesis/bin' >> $HOME/.bashrc # Write to your .bashrc profile
```

### Step 6: Initialize your node
To initialize your node, provide the ID of the chain to which you want to connect and create a name for your node. The dYdX home directory is created in `$HOME/.dydxprotocol` by default. Replace the example values `dydx-testnet-0` and `my-node` with your own and run the following command:
```bash

> dydxprotocold init --chain-id=dydx-testnet-0 my-node

Reviewer 2: given that the seed uses prod variables, should we use `dydx-mainnet-1` as the chain-id?

overall, let's be consistent in using the same deployment variables

```

> See the [Network Configuration](../infrastructure_providers-network/network_constants.mdx) section of the documentation for chain IDs and other network constants.

When you initialize your node, `dydxprotocold` returns your default node configuration in JSON.

> ### Step 7: Update your node configuration with the Genesis Block of the network in which you want to participate

Reviewer: IIRC the snapshot should have the genesis file(may have to double check. Are we making the snapshot mandatory? Do we also want to look into state-sync?

> ### Step 7: Update your node configuration with the Genesis Block of the network in which you want to participate

Author: Gotcha -- at least the testnet snapshot from Bware I tried did include the genesis file, I'll check on a couple others.

From an earlier review it sounds like we'll recommend snapshots for now, definitely mention state sync but keep those details light until I come back with a real procedure for it

> ### Step 7: Update your node configuration with the Genesis Block of the network in which you want to participate

Reviewer 2: I agree that we should recommend the snapshot route. I think we can remove this step entirely

The Genesis Block is the initial state of a dYdX chain. To download it and save it as a JSON file, run the following command:

```bash
curl https://dydx-rpc.lavenderfive.com/genesis | python3 -c 'import json,sys;print(json.dumps(json.load(sys.stdin)["result"]["genesis"], indent=2))' > $HOME/.dydxprotocol/config/genesis.json
```

Your `genesis.json` configuration file is updated from a default configuration file to the genesis state of the chain to which you are connecting.

### Step 8: Update your node configuration with a list of seed nodes

> Seed nodes provide trustworthy data about the history of the network to your full node. To update `config.toml` with a list of seed nodes, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A seed node acts as an address book and helps your node join the network. To update `config.toml` with a list of seed nodes, run the following command:
```

Using snapshots to restore or sync your full node's state saves time and effort. Using a snapshot avoids replaying all the blocks from genesis and does not require multiple binary versions for network upgrades. Instead, your node uses the snapshot as its initial state.

To download and extract the snapshot contents to the default dydxprotocol home directory, first **change directories into ./dydxprotocol**. To change directories, run the following command:

```bash
cd $HOME/.dydxprotocol
```

Then, find a provider for your use case on the [Snapshot Service](https://docs.dydx.exchange/network/resources#snapshot-service) page.

> For example, if you are connecting to `dydx-mainnet-1`, you may use the provider [Bware Labs](https://bwarelabs.com/snapshots/dydx).

Use the provider's instructions to download the snapshot into your `$HOME/.dydxprotocol` directory.

> In most cases, you can run `wget <snapshot-web-address>`.

From `$/HOME/.dydxprotocol`, run the following command, replacing the example value `your-snapshot-filename`:

```bash
lz4 -dc < your-snapshot-filename.tar.lz4 | tar xf -
```
Note that extracting the snapshot adds the `/data` folder in your current directory.

> **Change directories back to your $HOME directory for the rest of the procedure**. Run the following command:

Reviewer: One thing to double check - I vaguely remember that if I tried to append the data directory to the current data directory, it does not work. I had to delete the current data directory and replace it with the snapshot data directory(check [here](https://github.com/dydxprotocol/v4-chain/blob/main/protocol/scripts/create_full_node.sh#L134)

Reviewer: So may wanna mention deletion of the data directory here if that is true

sed -i 's/seeds = ""/seeds = "'"${SEED_NODES[*]}"'"/' $HOME/.dydxprotocol/config/config.toml
```

The preceding command updates the `seeds` variable of `config.toml` with the list you provide.

> ### Step 8: Download and extract a snapshot of the chain's history since genesis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 9: Use a snapshot as your node's initial state
```

> Using snapshots to restore or sync your full node's state saves time and effort. Using a snapshot avoids replaying all the blocks from genesis and does not require multiple binary versions for network upgrades. Instead, your node reads most of the chain's history directly from the snapshot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using snapshots to restore or sync your full node's state saves time and effort. Using a snapshot avoids replaying all the blocks from genesis and does not require multiple binary versions for network upgrades. Instead, your node uses the snapshot as its initial state.
```

To download and extract the snapshot contents to the default dydxprotocol home directory, first **change directories into ./dydxprotocol**. To change directories, run the following command:

```bash

> cd $HOME/.dydxprotocol

Reviewer 2: dont think you need to change dir, so rm this?

```

Then, find a provider for your use case on the [Snapshot Service](https://docs.dydx.exchange/network/resources#snapshot-service) page.

> > For example, if you are connecting to `dydx-testnet-4`, you may use the provider [Bware Labs](https://bwarelabs.com/snapshots/dydx).

Reviewer 2: should we be consistent w examples? I think the seed node uses `dydx-mainnet-1`

> Use the provider's instructions to download the snapshot into your current directory, `/.dydxprotocol`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the provider's instructions to download the snapshot into your node's data directory, `$HOME/.dydxprotocol/data`.
```

> In most cases, you can run `wget snapshot-web-address`.

From the current directory `$/HOME/.dydxprotocol`, run the following command, replacing the example value `your-snapshot-filename`:

```bash
lz4 -dc < your-snapshot-filename.tar.lz4 | tar xf -
```

> The preceding command creates the `/data` folder in your current directory, `/.dydxprotocol`.

Reviewer 2: I think this statement is inaccurate. I think the above command just uncompresses the snapshot file. 

you prob need to append `/data`? so something like:

`lz4 -dc < your-snapshot-filename.tar.lz4 | tar xf - -C "$HOME/.dydxprotocol/data"`

Author: I tested this pretty thoroughly -- could definitely have done something wonky myself, but I did notice this and double check because it seemed strange. will try it again and run it someone (probably Affan)

**Change directories back to your $HOME directory for the rest of the procedure**. Run the following command:
```bash

> cd ..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cd $HOME
```
